[Music]
this video will provide a brief overview
to get users up and navigating federal
opportunities before we begin we'd like
to take a moment to note that any user
looking to save searches or follow a
notice will need to sign up for a beta
.SAM.gov account through login.gov
users looking for assistance signing up
can use the sign-up training video found
in the learning center library also FBO.
gov search agents will not be
transferred to beta.Sam.gov so all
users will need to create new saved
searches within the system once you have
navigated to beta.Sam.gov users with the
counts should login by clicking the sign
in link in the upper right-hand corner
whether or not you have an account you
can still follow along with the tutorial
and explore the system start by clicking
the drop-down menu next to the search
bar in the middle of the screen that
says all Awards data from the list that
appears click contract opportunities
once selected you can either enter in
some search terms to refine what results
you receive or you can leave the field
blank and beta.Sam.gov will return
all contract opportunities search
keywords and other filters can be added
later so it's not imperative that you
enter anything at this point once you're
ready click search
you are now in the contract
opportunities search results and you can
browse the available notices if you
choose to leave the search field blank
before searching you can click the red
arrow to expand a menu that includes
quick searches and other useful aids to
help you get started searching notices
if you look to the left side of the
screen you will find a number of filters
which you can use to refine your search
enter keywords toggle options use the
dropdowns or check additional boxes to
develop the search best tailored to your
needs federal organization filters by
the authoritative single beta.
sam.gov federal hierarchy which is not
the legacy of FBO.gov notice types
filters by the types as listed in
regulation which need to be posted at
the government-wide point of entry these
types now include all stages from
special notices to requests for
information and pre-bid conferences to
single justification type for any
authorized deviation from full and open
competition additional filters can be
found by using change filters within
change filters you can also select to
see historical value this would add
now-retired small business values such
as very small business the results of
these filters can also be sorted by
relevance dates or other items before
you click into the detail page users who
have signed into their account have the
ability to save their searches by
locating and clicking save search just
below the search bar on the right side
of the screen once the search is saved
users can rerun that search at any time
when you click Save Search a box will
appear asking you to name the search
once named you can save your search and
it will be accessible to you from your
workspace
additionally signed-in users can
download all search results by clicking
the download option to the right of
saved search users are able to download
search results as either CSV or PDF
files when you are ready to move on and
have selected the notice click the blue
title and you will be navigated to that
notices detail page within the detail
page you can find all the notice
information including status response
dates any set asides or other
classification details as well as all
attachments and links you can also join
the interested vendors list through this
page if you are associated with an
entity and the notice has been set to
allow entities to show interest in
possible responses you will then be able
to click the interested vendors list or
IVL and then select to add or remove
your entity from this list if your
entity is added the entity details from
Sam will show if the notice has been set
to allow access you will then be able to
see other entities who have expressed
interest the contracting officer who
manages the notice sets both the IVL use
and viewing options if you are
interested in receiving updates
regarding this notice scroll up and
select follow any new updates to the
notice will trigger a notification for
any notice being followed you can manage
your followed items under a workspace
your profile once you have noted all
pertinent information downloaded all
relevant files and followed all desire
notices you can either return to your
search by clicking back or navigate back
to the beta.Sam.gov homepage by
clicking the beta.Sam.gov logo we
encourage all new users to sign up for
an account and start exploring beta.
Sam.gov as you do look for the on-screen
provide feedback box
then let us know what you think
additionally you can keep up to date
with beta.Sam.gov news by following our
blogspot on GSA interact thank you for
watching
[Music]